forge 'https://forge.puppet.com'

# Modules from the Puppet Forge

# core infrastructure
mod 'puppet-r10k',             :latest
mod 'puppetlabs-firewall',     :latest
mod 'puppetlabs-git',          :latest
mod 'puppetlabs-postgresql',   :latest
mod 'puppetlabs-puppet_agent', :latest
mod 'puppetlabs-puppetdb',     :latest

# core puppet
mod 'puppet-archive',        :latest
mod 'puppet-epel',           :latest
mod 'puppet-nginx',          :latest
mod 'puppet-selinux',        :latest
mod 'puppet-systemd',        :latest
mod 'puppetlabs-apt',        :latest
mod 'puppetlabs-concat',     :latest
mod 'puppetlabs-host_core',  :latest
mod 'puppetlabs-inifile',    :latest
mod 'puppetlabs-java',       :latest
mod 'puppetlabs-mysql',      :latest
mod 'puppetlabs-stdlib',     :latest

# services
mod 'icinga-icinga2',        :latest
mod 'icinga-icinga',         :latest
mod 'KyleAnderson-consul',   :latest
mod 'puppet-prometheus',     :latest

# elastic
mod 'puppet-elastic_stack',  :latest
mod 'puppet-kibana',         :latest
mod 'puppet-elasticsearch',  :latest
mod 'richardc-datacat',      :latest # elastic dependencies
mod 'pcfens-filebeat',       :git => 'https://github.com/rwaffen/puppet-filebeat', :commit => '6e2627c'

# stuff
mod 'dalen-trycatch',         :latest
mod 'pcfens-ca_cert',         :latest
mod 'puppet-yum',             :latest
